i say so good
woman say I can not sea or
Michelle's familiar breast processor
long time ago and he is one of the first who ever
organized my performances in samara
and I always scolded him right
unprofessional approach point
somewhere in general having stayed in what all the time is not
no and no unity all had a grušinsky
festival and 6
and here each time
click professionally I understand that because
what have u guys hooked up in now
who took up the business of photography yesterday
on posters
ruling council of russia come
her bags will go out to the area and do you remember
since the date is five years ago and even
often already
approaching i must say that he
didn't remember
very good memories at all because
what
in the festival of pears
despite this friction which on
istanbul
I am glad that we see the Expocentre
Vysotsky were actually those
detonator which is the bay
You can say made Grushinsky
festival acquired leadership
Grushinsky festival
redefine the position because on
the truck never sounded songs
Vysotsky
it was like this a year plus 25 days
only lyrics to alaska complaint ali
Medvedev 1 won away
competition
yes well and when center vysotsky
lobbied my performance whether
happened year including yes they are
sounded and there was a breakthrough after that
the bards on a pear had the songs of Vysotsky
it's not always funny to listen to this because
one of the game
taxi hollow which vysotsky mini
Split between Radny Kiseleva still
one ends with the fact that im
wheat is a nightmare
where he is forced to give friends he
all ambitions go away from it when he
wakes up the police task of protecting the knees
or they will tell me that it is not as little as 46
circle i will understand this is a dream which hand
you can not river also Burdaev with his
discoveries
six tenths it.ru